# Localization and Mapping System for Autonomous Inspection Robots

Gym-Duckietown is a simulator for the Duckietown Universe, written in pure Python/OpenGL (Pyglet). Andino is a fully open-source diff drive robot designed for educational purposes and low-cost applications. AutoDRIVE is envisioned to be an integrated platform for autonomous driving research and education. The JPL Open Source Rover is an open source, build it yourself, scaled down version of the 6 wheel rover design that JPL uses to explore the surface of Mars. Open Quadruped is an open-source 3D-printed quadrupedal robot. Intuitive gait generation through 12-DOF Bezier Curves. Full 6-axis body pose manipulation. Custom 3DOF Leg Inverse Kinematics Model accounting for offsets. 3D Mapping System is an open-source project providing 3D-printable modular parts, sensor initialization scripts, and SLAM system integration for creating versatile 3D mapping solutions for both robots and handheld devices. ConceptFusion is a framework designed for open-set multimodal 3D mapping, enabling the integration of diverse data modalities into a unified 3D representation. Nav2 is the go-to industry-standard mobile robot navigation system, deploying Autonomous Vehicle technologies brought down, reworked, and optimized for mobile and surface robotics. GLIM is a versatile and extensible range-based 3D mapping framework. OctoMap is an efficient probabilistic 3D mapping framework based on octrees. ROS Based 3D Mapping Rover with User Interface. Multi-Sensor 3D mapping with an unmanned ground vehicle for mining applications. Laser_RobMap is a ROS2 package designed for three-dimensional mapping using a two-dimensional LiDAR sensor mounted on a mobile robotic platform.